feat: steering to avoid chain breaks and clashes (#171)
microsoft/bioemu: README.md

This code only supports sampling structures of monomers. You can try to sample multimers using the [linker trick](https://x.com/ag_smith/status/1417063635000598528), but in our limited experiments, this has not worked well.

## Steering structures

> BioEmu includes a steering system that uses Sequential Monte Carlo (SMC) to guide the diffusion process toward more physically plausible protein structures. Steering applies potential energy functions during denoising to favor conformations that satisfy physical constraints. Algorithmically, steering simulates *multiple particles* per desired sample and resamples between these particles according to the favorability of the provided potentials. 

Reviewer: I suggest including a reference. Also, spell out that no guidance term is added to the state updates; we only do resampling.

> ### Quick Start with Steering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quick start with steering
```

Enable steering with physical constraints using the CLI by setting `--num_steering_particles` > 1:

```bash
python -m bioemu.sample \
    --sequence GYDPETGTWG \
    --num_samples 100 \
    --output_dir ~/steered-samples \
    --num_steering_particles 3 \
    --steering_start_time 0.5 \
    --resampling_freq 2
```

Or using the Python API:

```python
from bioemu.sample import main as sample

sample(
    sequence='GYDPETGTWG',
    num_samples=100,
    output_dir='~/steered-samples',
    num_steering_particles=3,
    steering_start_time=0.5,
    resampling_freq=2
)
```

### Key steering parameters

- `num_steering_particles`: Number of particles per sample (1 = no steering, >1=steering)
- `steering_start_time`: When to start steering (0.0-1.0, default: 0.0)
- `steering_end_time`: When to stop steering (0.0-1.0, default: 1.0)

> - `resampling_freq`: How often to resample particles (default: 1)

Reviewer: Is this an interval or a frequency? Does resampling_freq=3 mean resampling after every 3 denoising steps?

Reviewer: If resampling_freq=n means resampling every n denoising steps then this setting is _inverse_ of frequency, and is misnamed. You could call it resampling_interval instead.

- `steering_potentials_config`: Path to potentials configuration file (optional, defaults to physical_potentials.yaml)

> ### Available Potentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available potentials
```

> When steering is enabled (num_steering_particles > 1) and no additional `steering_potentials_config.yaml` is provided, BioEMU automatically loads `physical_potentials.yaml` by default, which includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When steering is enabled (num_steering_particles > 1) and `steering_potentials_config` is not given, BioEmu automatically loads `physical_potentials.yaml` by default, which includes:
```
please `git grep BioEMU` and replace with `BioEmu`.
